When I started studying the Bible, there were various factors that hindered my study.
I was a truck driver and I was on the road a lot.
I had the worst kind of friendships and I smoked.
I smoked an average 60 cigarettes a day.
I realised that if I was going to make the needed adjustments, I had to change my profession.
So I changed my job, but if I wanted to get baptized, I had to stop smoking.
I cut down to two or three cigarettes a day.
One day I bought a single cigarette.
I lit it and I prayed to Jehovah.
I begged him to help me and he did help me.
So much so that I never smoked again and to this day I don't even have the urge to smoke.
Ten years after my first Bible study I was baptized.
I've been serving Jehovah for 20 years now, along with my wife and all my children.